{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!DOCTYPE html>\
<html>\
<head>\
	<meta charset="UTF-8">\
	<title>College Purity Test</title>\
</head>\
<body>\
	<h1>College Purity Test</h1>\
	<form>\
		<p>1. Have you ever attended a party where alcohol was present in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q1" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q1" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>2. Have you ever consumed alcohol before the legal drinking age in Sweden?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q2" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q2" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>3. Have you ever used drugs recreationally in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q3" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q3" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>4. Have you ever smoked cigarettes or vaped?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q4" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q4" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>5. Have you ever had sex with someone you were not in a committed relationship with in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q5" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q5" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>6. Have you ever sent or received explicit messages or images via text or social media while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q6" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q6" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>7. Have you ever watched pornography while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q7" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q7" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>8. Have you ever masturbated while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q8" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q8" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>9. Have you ever had sex in a public place while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q9" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q9" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>10. Have you ever engaged in sexual activities with someone of the same gender while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q10" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q10" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>11. Have you ever engaged in sexual activities with multiple partners at once while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q11" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q11" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>12. Have you ever engaged in sexual activities with someone significantly older or younger than you while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q12" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox\
		" name="q12" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>13. Have you ever engaged in sexual activities while under the influence of drugs or alcohol in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q13" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q13" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>14. Have you ever been in a romantic relationship with someone in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q14" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q14" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>15. Have you ever had a crush on someone in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q15" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q15" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>16. Have you ever engaged in sexual activities with a roommate or housemate while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q16" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q16" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>17. Have you ever engaged in sexual activities with someone you met online while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q17" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q17" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>18. Have you ever had a pregnancy scare while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q18" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q18" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>19. Have you ever had an STI or STD while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q19" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q19" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>20. Have you ever had an abortion while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q20" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q20" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>21. Have you ever cheated on a partner while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q21" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q21" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>22. Have you ever been cheated on by a partner while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q22" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q22" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>23. Have you ever had a one-night stand while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q23" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q23" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>24. Have you ever had a threesome while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q24" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q24" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>25. Have you ever had sex with someone you regretted while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q25" value="1"> Yes<br>\
	\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q25" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>26. Have you ever had sex in a car or other vehicle while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q26" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q26" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>27. Have you ever had sex in a public restroom while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q27" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q27" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>28. Have you ever had sex on a beach or in a public park while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q28" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q28" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>29. Have you ever had sex while someone else was in the same room while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q29" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q29" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>30. Have you ever engaged in sexual activities with a professor or TA while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q30" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q30" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>31. Have you ever lied to a partner about your sexual history while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q31" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q31" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>32. Have you ever kissed someone of the same gender while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q32" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q32" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>33. Have you ever had sex with someone of a different race while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q33" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q33" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>34. Have you ever had sex with someone you met at a bar or club while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q34" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q34" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>35. Have you ever had sex with someone who was in a relationship with someone else while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q35" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q35" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>36. Have you ever had a crush on a professor or TA while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q36" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q36" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>37. Have you ever used a dating app while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q37" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q37" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>38. Have you ever had sex with someone you met on a dating app while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q38" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q38" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>39. Have you ever had sex in a hotel or Airbnb while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q39" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q39" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>40. Have you ever had sex in a swimming pool while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q40" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q40" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>41. Have you ever had sex with someone you knew for less than 24 hours while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q41" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q41" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>42. Have you ever had sex in a public sauna or hot tub while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q42" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q42" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>43. Have you ever had sex with someone who spoke a different language than you while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q43" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q43" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>44. Have you ever had sex in a movie theater while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q44" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q44" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>45. Have you ever engaged in sexual activities with someone who was much more experienced than you while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q45" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q45" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>46. Have you ever had sex with someone you didn't know their name while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q46" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q46" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>47. Have you ever had sex in a public elevator while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q47" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q47" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>48. Have you ever had sex in a public restroom while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q48" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q48" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>49. Have you ever had sex in a public park while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q49" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q49" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>50. Have you ever struggled with imposter syndrome or feelings of inadequacy in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q50" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q50" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>51. Have you ever struggled with a learning or developmental disability while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q51" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q51" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>52. Have you ever struggled to balance schoolwork and extracurricular activities in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q52" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q52" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>53. Have you ever struggled to find a supportive community on campus in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q53" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q53" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>54. Have you ever struggled with time management or procrastination in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q54" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q54" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>55. Have you ever received a low grade or failed a class in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q55" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q55" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>56. Have you ever dropped out of a class or course in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q56" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q56" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>57. Have you ever struggled to find the right major or career path in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q57" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q57" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>58. Have you ever struggled to make friends on campus in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q58" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q58" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>59. Have you ever felt pressure to conform to societal expectations or norms in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q59" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q59" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>60. Have you ever experienced discrimination or prejudice based on your race, ethnicity, or religion in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q60" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q60" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>61. Have you ever struggled to balance school and personal life in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q61" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q61" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>62. Have you ever struggled with financial insecurity or debt in Lund?</\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q62" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q62" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>63. Have you ever had a romantic relationship with a professor or TA while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q63" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q63" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>64. Have you ever had a crush on a professor or TA while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q64" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q64" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>65. Have you ever struggled to find a supportive mental health care provider or therapist on campus in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q65" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q65" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>66. Have you ever struggled with anxiety or stress related to academic performance in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q66" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q66" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>67. Have you ever plagiarized or cheated on an exam or assignment in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q67" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q67" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>68. Have you ever participated in binge drinking or drug use in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q68" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q68" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>69. Have you ever engaged in sexual activity while under the influence of drugs or alcohol in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q69" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q69" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>70. Have you ever been sexually assaulted or harassed while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q70" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q70" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>71. Have you ever engaged in casual sex or a one-night stand while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q71" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q71" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>72. Have you ever had unprotected sex in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q72" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q72" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>73. Have you ever had a pregnancy scare while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q73" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q73" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>74. Have you ever had an abortion or assisted in someone else's abortion while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q74" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q74" value="0"> No\
		<p>75. Have you ever struggled with body image or disordered eating while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q75" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q75" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>76. Have you ever engaged in self-harm or had suicidal thoughts while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q76" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q76" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>77. Have you ever experimented with a different sexual orientation or gender identity while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q77" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q77" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>78. Have you ever struggled with acceptance of your own sexual orientation or gender identity while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q78" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q78" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>79. Have you ever lied to your parents or family members about your activities while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q79" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q79" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>80. Have you ever stolen something or engaged in shoplifting while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q80" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q80" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>81. Have you ever vandalized property or engaged in destruction of public property while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q81" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q81" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>82. Have you ever engaged in reckless or dangerous behavior while under the influence of drugs or alcohol in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q82" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q82" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>83. Have you ever skipped class or skipped a scheduled appointment in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q83" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q83" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>84. Have you ever lied on a job application or resume while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q84" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q84" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>85. Have you ever had a fake ID or used someone else's ID to purchase alcohol in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q85" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q85" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>86. Have you ever participated in a protest or demonstration while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q86" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q86" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>87. Have you ever had a falling out or conflict with a roommate while in\
		<p>87. Have you ever had a falling out or conflict with a roommate while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q87" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q87" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>88. Have you ever struggled with homesickness or feeling lonely while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q88" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q88" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>89. Have you ever experienced a breakup or heartbreak while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q89" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q89" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>90. Have you ever had a friend or acquaintance attempt or commit suicide while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q90" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q90" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>91. Have you ever struggled with addiction or substance abuse while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q91" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q91" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>92. Have you ever struggled with an eating disorder or body dysmorphia while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q92" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q92" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>93. Have you ever struggled with a mental illness or disorder while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q93" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q93" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>94. Have you ever been in a physically or emotionally abusive relationship while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q94" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q94" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>95. Have you ever struggled with a chronic illness or disability while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q95" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q95" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>96. Have you ever struggled with your academic performance due to personal issues or stress in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q96" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q96" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>97. Have you ever struggled with your gender identity or sexual orientation while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q97" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q97" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>98. Have you ever struggled with homesickness or feeling disconnected from your home culture or country while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q98" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q98" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>99. Have you ever experienced a traumatic event or significant loss while in Lund?</p>\
		\
				<input type="checkbox" name="q99" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q99" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<p>100. Have you ever engaged in self-reflection or personal growth while in Lund?</p>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q100" value="1"> Yes<br>\
		<input type="checkbox" name="q100" value="0"> No<br>\
\
		<br><br>\
\
		<input type="button" value="Submit" onclick="getScore()">\
\
		<p>Your score: <span id="score"></span></p>\
\
		<script>\
			function getScore() \{\
				var totalScore = 100;\
\
				for (var i = 1; i <= totalScore; i++) \{\
					if (document.getElementsByName('q'+i)[0].checked) \{\
						totalScore--;\
					\}\
				\}\
\
				document.getElementById("score").innerHTML = totalScore;\
			\}\
		</script>\
\
	</body>\
</html>\
\
}